The currrent all sky camera we describe here is the Oculus Starlight
Xpress and cost about $1000 in 2016. We want to highlight a few
lessons we have learned about the hardware:


The camera itself needs no power, just a 5V USB connection to a
computer, which of course needs to be powered.  There is a a heater in
the camera, which needs power to work. In certain moist environments
this ensures that the dome does not fog up. Or after a rain storm
(does this indeed speed up dome recovery?). For this, it has an
adaptor that needs the regular 110V power.

As long as you have power nearby, for the heater and the computer, everything
is fine.  A simple male-female USB extension cord might be needed, but
keep in mind these only operate fine up to 50ft (check #) without
extra power.  Below we will describe some issues we found out while
trying to be more remote.

For remote operations without power one could use a laptop or
raspberry pi, perhaps aided with a daily charged solar cell
array. Assuming you have large capacity storage, you can leave this
setup unattended for several days or weeks. Each image uses about
2.8MB of storage. A long 10 hour winter night could be easily
1000-2000 images (30-60 seconds exposure time) which amounts to about
5GB/night, but 2-3GB however is more common. Very dark sites will need
longer exposures, about 60 seconds, saving space.

The big surprise with our remote setup was the USB extension
cable. You can run USB over an ethernet cable using a "USB extender",
they usually need to be powered and work up to about 50m. One
fundamental problem did not appear until we look at the genders of the
cable: the female USB-RJ45 unit had the power needs. The male USB-RJ45
was a simple unit. However, the cable from the telescope is a male,
and since we assumed we can't use power at the telescope side, the only
solution was to get USB gender changers. Then it turned out these will
make the USB cable inoperable, apparently USB cables - in this sense - are
unidirectional, having a sending-receiving in one direction. Conclusion was
that we could not run the camera withouth have a powersource nearby, so the
RP3 (or other computer) can be powered


We tried 3 USB-extenders.

One was advertised to need no power up to 150ft, but although it did
seem to work with GoQat, the driver complained some data was not fully
transferred.  We tried this on both a 1ft and 6ft ethernet cable.

The other two more or less worked, although we had some issues with
non-perfect connections.

Again, as soon if we "reversed" the cables and used the gender
changers, under all circumstances pluggin in the USB into the computer
caused it not to recognize the device.
