            Haiti All Sky Camera (HASC) 

This HASC demo keeps on taking two pictures, and screams out INTRUDER
ALERT if the two images differ sufficiently.  This is a simplified
demo of the code that takes sky images and then goes off and tries to
find differences and see if there are planes, satellites, meteors, or
other things that are different between images.

Within 10 seconds of booting the first picture will be taken (right light
on), then every 30 seconds this repeats.

Warning: the unit seems to overheat, and may have to be turned off
or more actively cooled down if possible.

The demo box comes with the following components:

1) Raspberry Pi3 (RP3) with a tiny camera dangling off a small ribbon cable
   (CAREFUL with this)
2) Red Audio Cube (RAC)
3) MicroUSB charger for RP3
4) US-EU plug converter for the charger
5) audio cable between RP3 and RAC
5) USB-microUSB cable, which will charge the red audio cube from the RP3
6) tiny little USB key that can hold a microSD. This unit comes apart,
   and if you open it, you will see that the microSD card can fit alongside
   the USB-A !!! ingeneous but very tricky.
   
   If for any reason you want to edit the /home/pi/demo2 script, this is the way
   to do it. Mount it on a unix system, and check the contents of the /home/pi
   directory. Find the demo2 script. Near the top of that script you will see
   the variable (notice no spaces around the '=')

      	     fidcrit=20.0
	  
   if the demo talks too much, set the critical value a bit lower, say 15.0
   If not enough talking, set it higher, say 25.0    Experiment till happy!

   PASSWORDS:

   The RP3 ethernet port will respond to DHCP, and once you have the IP,
   ssh to the "pi" account, with the password "raspberry4me". That's a faster
   way to edit the demo2 script settings.

7) Few little manuals that you should not need. 

When everything is connected, the RP3 boots in about 5-10 seconds. You
will see the red light on the camera go on twice, then it computes a
difference, and if the Fidelity of the two images is below a critical
value, an "INTRUDER ALERT" will sound.  Simply hold your hand in front
of the camera during one snapshot, and let it see the room the other,
and there should be an ALERT.

Make sure the dangling camera is steady, it tends to wobble if freely
hanging loose, and then it will nearly always find an intrudor.

PROBLEMS:

It does happen that the RP3 appears to hang. This appears overheating.
Maybe take the cover off (the bigger heat sink can get really hot), but
perhaps turning it off a bit is another solution.
I tried bypassing the fits conversion, so the current version only deals
with jpg. Still too hot.
Moving the unit also does not seem to help.
When the attached RAC make noise as if it's turned off, usually this means
the RP3 has frozen.

The unit should go back via Alice Allen (she stays 2 weeks) or
Alberto Bolatto (he only stays a week), or James Gerber.
Questions to  Peter Teuben   teuben@gmail.com






ARP2 cpuinfo:
-------------   
processor       : 0
model name      : ARMv7 Processor rev 4 (v7l)
BogoMIPS        : 38.40
Features        : half thumb fastmult vfp edsp neon vfpv3 tls vfpv4 idiva idivt vfpd32 lpae evtstrm crc32 
CPU implementer : 0x41
CPU architecture: 7
CPU variant     : 0x0
CPU part        : 0xd03
CPU revision    : 4

ARP3 cpuinfo:
-------------
processor       : 0
model name      : ARMv7 Processor rev 4 (v7l)
BogoMIPS        : 89.60
Features        : half thumb fastmult vfp edsp neon vfpv3 tls vfpv4 idiva idivt vfpd32 lpae evtstrm crc32 
CPU implementer : 0x41
CPU architecture: 7
CPU variant     : 0x0
CPU part        : 0xd03
CPU revision    : 4
